Hey guys welcome back to the chorus.
So we just want other tips for making your written content more SEO friendly in this lecture and I want
to demonstrate some of those ideas of how to incorporate keywords into titles Hetter tags structure
content and more.
Let's say you've created an app for your parents to create mini networks with other parents so they
can arrange babysitting on an organized playdates and coordinate other events like parties and day trips.
Let's call it parent bot.
Well parent bot has already rolled out their product.
They've got a bunch of moms and dads using it and they've started looking to expand their customer base
even more so by making their articles and blog posts a sea of friendly new content should give them
a boost.
So a couple of key words parent bought has decided to focus on our let's say parents schedule and mommy
app on them now.
So if we're to write a post for the parent bot blog it would help to write something let's say topical.
Let's assume the summer is coming up so kids will be out of school.
One blog post could be the challenges with let's say scheduling events over the summer.
Lots of people are busy people go on vacation.
Schedule gets messed up.
Whatever.
Well let's outline this piece and see if we can make it more friendly.
So first we introduce the issue scheduling for your kids can be a real challenge once they're done with
school and the summer hits.
So this can be a purse where we let's say share 10 tips on how to deal with it.
So this would be my listicle and maybe our title would be 10 ways parents can deal with the challenges
of a summer schedule.
Okay that's about 64 characters which is pretty good.
Remember we want to be under 65 because that means mobile screens can actually see it and in general
even for search titles it has to be within a certain range.
This should fit on most se RPE pages and social media feeds.
Now if you wanted to shorten it even more you might go ahead with something like this instead.
Ten ways parents can simplify their summer schedule.
That's 50 characters and pretty much the hits the same point in less time.
Which when you choose past that point would be a stylistic difference.
Now did we manage to use one of our keywords.
Well the words parent and schedule are in there so if people search for parent's schedule and Google
Well this post should get a boost for including both words.
Now listicle post is nice because it pretty much provides the structure you'll use.
Start with a short intro to set up what the real list is about.
Didn't list the 10 items and wrap it up quickly.
In fact let's start with that intro now.
Now the Post should start off something I don't know what I like this 10 ways parents can simplify their
summer schedules summer is here and that's the time when everyone's schedule changes.
So how can moms and dads plan camps play dates and day trips while keeping their own schedule intact.
Here are 10 tips to help parents schedule events and fun activities for your kids.
So first up you should notice that we're not focusing on our app but instead providing some help to
our customers with the same kind of purpose in mind simplifying and improving schedules for parents.
Now eventually we'll probably plug our output.
For now we're keeping it more general So parents who haven't heard a parent bought would be interested
in the post as well.
These are some of the core tenants that we covered in content marketing.
The intro sets the scene.
Summer is here and then hits on the issue quickly everyone's schedule changes.
How could moms and dads plan all of this stuff now the text I don't just say how can parents make better
schedules.
I include a bunch of examples of the types of things they'd schedule Kamps playdates day trips whatever.
It helps readers understand that the application of these tips can be used for a broad range of things
and not just one specific thing.
Then we move onto our list of 10 items.
Now we can do some more SCEA work and use Hetter tags.
Now our header tags will be pretty easy to figure out.
The tag would be the title of our post at the top of the page and then each item in our list could be
put inside the tags so it might look something like this.
Here are 10 tips to help parents schedule events and fun activities for your kids.
Number one figure out how many weekends you've got and then you can use.
I don't know two to three sentences or four to five sentences depending on the style you're going for.
Describe this point number two search Google for kids summer schedule and the name of your town.
Number three.
Review the summer schedules at local movie theaters parks and museums that are for a created daily routine
or an morning fun and daily chores.
Now you can always tell I don't have kids and I'm exactly thought about this a lot so my content is
not going to be as good.
That's not exactly the point we're going for right now.
Now each of those numbered points will have a tag on it and highlighting the text and terms within them
for Google so knows these are the important points within the page.
Now if you reference things you've written about before.
Make sure you add a link to that article or a post.
Maybe you wrote a post about how you can use parent bot to create morning schedules and let's say Item
4 on your list.
The one about daily routines will be a good spot to cross link to your original post.
Remember cross-link to your other pages.
That's a very good thing and Google likes that a lot.
Cross-looking also works well from a traffic standpoint because it creates more ways for people to land
on other posts and stay on your Web site longer.
Another tactic to improve your SEO value here is to link to tools that you might reference.
Looks like this is a good opportunity to demonstrate with examples so perhaps you link to a source or
another site shows what you mean if possible if you post this article you could reach out to that Web
site and tell them you linked to them.
Now that can lead to more shares and traffic.
So back to our list maybe in the tenth item on the list you could decide to promote your app.
Number 10 use parent bot to connect with other moms and dads in your neighborhood.
So where are you mentioned Paran bot or if you mentioned downloading the app or where ever you put a
link to your app download page.
So the main point of the post was to share advice for your audience.
You can still take the opportunity to promote one of your primary goals for your site which is more
likely to get downloads and registered users for the app.
By the time you're done writing this list maybe some are in the range of 600 to 800 words long for an
article like this.
Well that's completely fine.
Your audience busy parents don't need a 2000 plus word post of all the ins and outs of scheduling.
They get it what they need are easy tips to follow.
Knowing your audience and creating something appropriate for them again is a key to getting your stuff
shared more often and ranking higher.
From the CEO perspective this post is long enough for Google to know what the page is about and includes
those extra touches like the header tags the leadings and the use of your important keywords.
So this is one example of how to write an essay a friendly post.
There are plenty of other ways to write a post but whatever your topic.
Plan out your structure and information each time.
Have a clear idea of what your posts will cover.
Step by step as that can help you plan your sections using Henares and some patterns.
Keep at least one or two key words in mind as you write and look for ways to reference other content
you've created so you can link to it.
But in the end make sure your title promises something your audience wants and that your finished post
delivers on that specifically.
OK guys well there you go.
That's it for now.
I'll see you in the next lecture.